🦙 update mr registering step & namespace names (#85)
rhoai-mlops/lab-instructions: docs/1-when-the-music-starts/1-data-science-project.md

![datascienceproject.png](./images/datascienceproject.png)

> 2. Click on the <USER_NAME>-jukebox project. This project will be the place where we start experimenting, train and deploy our model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the <USER_NAME>-jukebox project. This project will be the place where we start experimenting, training and deploying our model.
```

    ![jupyter-notebook-ui.png](./images/jupyter-notebook-ui.png)

> 8. Before we getting hands on and start experimenting, let’s learn about the storage environment available for us in the next chapter. 🫡

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Before we get hands on and start experimenting, let’s learn about the storage environment available for us in the next chapter. 🫡
```
